Tell you guys, I'm going today.
show how like the gun
part 2 that the goal had posted a video
and she was not complete
now I'm going to post this video here that she
It's all done and then the flight to
ammunition and I'm going to take a test
in another video, let's go
here the net fields of his measure is 20
millimeters so I will not stay
talking 25 neither digital also plate is
which a cover of a cap of 25/10
people of kan 25 an elbow 47 ° of 25 7
indicating 25 of a whole new knee
of 25 plus an 800 we indicate from 2015
From here it will be the knee of new integral
of 25 15 to 17 exchange cents 25 11
asks 25 7 indicating 25 in knee 90 degree
of 25 plus seven centimeters of kan of 25
here and here a reduction from 50 to 25 in
box this 40cm field of 25 here I
I did not leave the glove x was to warm the barrel and
I put it to school easier
and here I picked up a cap of 50 per
she and I put that cib spout you
pass the glue inside and put it on
which passes a little bit of glue that unites
the two layers of glue for it not
leak that not only does not pressure
will be compressed and here in this
Other part
5 people linking the link here a glove
them to the thread of 25 to fit
This one records that my back
the spherical iron and here
this hose guizzo the diary
I got a tig hose.
she already has a thread and she is big
There I cut a piece of it.
take a 20-centimeter face and put
here inside
I cut the two so I got high video
on Youtube
talking about this bushati goes through this
I'm not going to show you how it is today but only
that
my goal from here and now I'm going to cause
like an ammunition to me from the unt
demonstration of